[show `72_exercise_diet_alcohol_influence.png` | illustrates effect of
lifestyle-factors]

# Diet

Some treatments for schizophrenia can increase the risk of weight gain and
obesity. Sticking to a healthy diet is a good way to minimize this risk. Your
doctor will monitor your weight and, if weight gain becomes a problem, it may be
worth discussing different medication options.

# Alcohol

Drinking to excess should be avoided, not only to improve your general health
but also because there is a strong association between schizophrenia and
alcoholism, which means that the risk of becoming addicted to alcohol is greater
if you have schizophrenia. Therefore, it is a good idea to moderate your
drinking as much asÂ possible.

# Physical exercise

There are several reasons to incorporate a physical exercise regimen into your
lifestyle. First, getting a good amount of exercise will help you to control
your weight in combination with a healthy diet. Secondly, exercise can put you
in a better frame of mind, as hormones released during exercise are associated
with improved mood. Exercise can also improve the way you sleep.

# Sleep

People with schizophrenia tend to have disrupted sleep patterns: you may find
yourself sleeping more or less than most people, or at different times of the
day. This can lead to excessive tiredness, known as fatigue. A change in sleep
patterns can be the first sign of a psychotic episode, and therefore can be
taken as a warning sign. Maintaining a regular routine can help you to get your
sleep patterns back to normal. This can include having a bedtime routine, going
to bed at the same time and waking up at the same time. Relaxation techniques,
such as meditation, can help to reduce stress; this is important because stress
can stop you sleeping peacefully. Caffeine should be avoided, especially in the
evening, as it can disrupt your sleep.
[`sleep_assistant` provides in-depth info on sleep if user is interested]
