# Personal hygiene

Schizophrenia can change the way that you care for yourself: poor
personal hygiene is common among people with the condition. This
aspect of the illness may arise from symptoms such as a lack of
motivation or delusions. Dental problems in particular can develop due
to dry mouth caused by medication, or if you forget to take care of
your teeth. Therefore, it is important to tell your dentist what
medication you are taking and to follow their advice on oral health.
Making a checklist of daily tasks, such as brushing your teeth,
showering and getting dressed, can help you to avoid self-neglect.
Doing these tasks at the same time each day can help to establish a
daily routine.

# Sexual health

Healthy sexual relationships are important and you should not ignore
this part of your life. Schizophrenia itself and some medications for
schizophrenia can lead to reduced sexual desire. On the other hand,
you may experience unusual or strong sexual feelings. Increased sexual
behaviour and strange thoughts of a sexual nature are likely to be
related to the changes in the mind that occur as part of the
condition. As schizophrenia usually first becomes apparent during a
personâ€™s late teens and early twenties, when libido is typically high,
it is not surprising that changes in sexual thoughts often occur at
this time. If you have a tendency to take part in high-risk sexual
behaviour, your risk of getting a sexually transmitted disease, such
as HIV, is high. Therefore, it is important to understand the risks
and to seek advice for maintaining good sexual health from your
doctor.
