A limitation of this study is that the murmur detection algorithm does not automatically detect noise, which means that the user of the algorithm is relied upon to decide which recordings are of sufficient quality. This is likely not an issue if the user is a clinician, but could potentially be an issue if the user is a patient performing the procedure at home. Another limitation of our murmur-prediction followed by VHD-prediction approach is that features other than murmur grade that might help to discern pathology, such as loudness or softness (absolute or relative) of S1 or S2, are not considered. The accuracy with which the algorithm detects a disease is therefore limited by the degree to which it is associated with murmur-grade.

The other main limitations of this study are related to the small number of VHD-cases due to the unselected nature of the dataset, and a resulting lack of statistical power for various analyses. Decisions on which covariates to include in the clinical-variable models were done on the basis of predicting a relatively small number of pathological cases, which increases the risk of false positive results. The small number of disease targets results in uncertainty regarding the advantage of using the proposed multiposition method of predicting AS over other benchmark  methods. We were also limited in terms of model development, as we had to restrict ourselves to exploring a small set of fairly simple models in order to limit risk of overfitting. Finally, we note that the recordings used in this study were collected in a setting that was less noisy and more controlled than can be expected in a rushed clinical setting, and further work is likely necessary to improve robustness to noise and interference.

A strength of the algorithm is that we have demonstrated its accuracy on a dataset containing samples with noise in up to 3 positions, and that it utilizes information from all four standard  positions in order to produce more robust information for audio-segmentation. Only 1.4% of the dataset was excluded from analysis due to all recordings containing noise, so the performance metrics we present are unlikely to be substantially biased due to exclusion of noisy samples (except the model that exclusively predicted MR, which used the mitral position). Another strength of the algorithm is the relatively small size of the model used to predict murmur grade, which entails faster computation and less time required for experimentation. We also believe its size makes it less prone to overfitting than deeper neural networks that are often employed in automated heart sound classification research, as their enhanced flexibility might predispose them to adapting to features that are specific to the development set, such as the type of stethoscope used.

The main novelty and strength of our study lies in the unfiltered nature of the dataset, which to our knowledge makes this the first study of its kind to utilize such data for both model training and testing, thus offering us a unique opportunity to get a realistic assessment of the ability of machine learning to assist in VHD-screening in general populations. We also simultaneously had access to murmur annotation, results from echocardiography, and data on various clinical variables, which is a novel combination of data in the field of automated HS-classification. Finally, the HS annotations used in this study were obtained using a rigorous procedure in which considerable effort was put into ensuring consistent data annotation and high interrater agreement, and we believe this has resulted in particularly high quality training data which in turn contributes to high algorithm prediction performance.
