The accuracy with which our algorithm detected AS compares favorably against metrics on clinician accuracy we found in the litterature. In a study by Jaffe et al., severe AS was detected only with a sensitivity of 83% and specificity of 79%. In a 2021 study by Chorba et. al. 3 expert cardiologists annotated recordings primarily from the aortic position with presence or absence of murmur, which were subsequently used to predict presence of moderate to severe AS in a selected cohort consisting of confirmed pathological cases (moderate to severe) and healthy controls. The highest performance (in terms of high sensitivity+specificity) achieved via this prediction scheme was a sensitivity of 82.5% (CI:69.6%-93.6%) and specificity of 90.2% (CI:83.1%-96.3%), and the average sensitivity and specificity across annotators was 90.0% and 71.1% respectively.

The aforementioned study by Chorba et al. offers a particularly interesting comparison. They trained a deep convolutional neural network to predict murmur grade, achieving an AUC of 0.958 for predicting murmur-grade≥2, which we outperform with an AUC of 0.969 (±0.12). Furthermore, they achieved sensitivity 93.2% (CI:86.9%–98.5%), specificity 86.0% (CI: 80.9%–91.0%), and AUC 0.952 for prediction of moderate to severe AS based preferentially on the aortic recording, which we exceed as we get AUC of 0.967 when using the aortic recording for prediction. We improved prediction of AS further by combining all four predicted murmurs in the multi-position model, obtaining AUC’s of 0.978 (CI:0.961-0.994) and 0.992 (CI:0.988-0.997) for prediction of at least mild and at least moderate AS respectively, thus significantly outperforming their results. We note that Chorba et al. preferred for prediction of AS to use the aortic recording (which is often recommended for detecting the AS-murmur), using the pulmonic position as a secondary choice, yet our results suggests that the pulmonic recording might be more suitable for detecting at least mild AS (p=0.16).

A caveat to the above comparison is that Chorba et al. did not specify the exact criteria they used for grading AS beyond stating that they followed the American Society of Echocardiography's Guidelines, thus differences in performance could be due to differences in AS-grading convention. In particular, defining AS in terms of the AVPGmean could result in a target that is easier to predict, as it excludes cases of AS where the AVPGmean is low due to low cardiac output which might be harder to detect. However, a 2012 study tracking the  progression of AS in a randomly selected cohort representative of the general Norwegian population found that accounting for systolic left ventricular dysfunction after initial grading based on AVPGmean did not change the classification of the participants. We therefore believe it is unlikely that a significant number of cases have been missed.

A potential contributor to the improved AS and murmur detection discussed above is the rigorous annotation procedure behind our murmur annotations, resulting in a Cohen’s kappa for agreement on presence of any murmur of 0.717, and agreement on presence of any murmur in 94.2% of recordings. In contrast, assessing cardiologist agreement on presence of any murmur, a study by Andersen et al. (currently in press) found a median Cohen’s kappa of 0.69 and a mean proportion of interrater agreement of 84% (from pairwise comparisons), with lower values for GPs and medical students12. Chorba et al. reported a Fleiss kappa of 0.478 (3 cardiologist raters) which is lower than the Fleiss kappa of 0.69 observed by Andersen et al. for their 8 cardiologist raters. Thus it is likely that our raters had substantially higher interrater agreement than that seen in Chorba et al.’s study, which could help explain the performance differences.

While AS was detected with accuracy comparable to Chorba et al.’s study, results for detection of at least moderate MR were dramatically different, as they predicted these cases with an AUC of 0.865 (29 cases, 62 healthy controls) which substantially exceeds our result (mitral position prediction) of 0.558 (±0.039). Decreased accuracy due to algorithm performance is highly unlikely since our algorithm detected murmurs more accurately, so this wide performance gap suggests that significant MR in cohorts consisting of patients and healthy controls are more discernible than in unselected cohorts. Consistent with this observation is the fact that detection rates for both AR and MR went up significantly within our own study when only symptomatic instances of diseases were treated as prediction targets. Supporting this conclusion is a 2018 study by Gardezi et. al. in which they tested the accuracy of auscultation in a population of asymptomatic patients aged 65>years and found that diagnosis of significant VHD by auscultation was not significantly better than chance. Myerson et al. found similar results in their 2017 study of asymptomatic participants with no previous VHD diagnosis aged ≥65, where GPs identified significant VHD (moderate to severe regurgitation or at least mild stenosis) with an AUC of only 0.56.