The fact that AS was detected with high accuracy in a cohort representative of the general population has promising health care implications. AS, whether it is asymptomatic or not, is associated with poor prognosis when left untreated, and presence of symptoms are not reliable indicators of disease-severity. The need for an accurate and cost-effective screening tool is further emphasized by the high prevalence of undiagnosed AS in the elderly population, especially when considering that effective treatment exists. L. d'Arcy et al. found a 1.3% prevalence of newly diagnosed AS (defined as aortic valve thickening or calcification with a maximum aortic transvalvular velocity>2.5 m/s) in a general population consisting of individuals aged≥65 years36. Extrapolating from these numbers (assuming that ours and their definition of presence of AS matches reasonably well), we estimate that given a population size of 10,000 elderly individuals, our multivariate risk-factor algorithm would detect 115 of the expected 130 individuals with undiagnosed mild or greater AS, at the cost of producing ~495 false positives. If we reclassify 35.9% of false positives as true positives due to presence of other VHDs or AVPGmean>10 mm Hg (see the section on the clinical factor models), the expected number of false positives drops to 178.

Beyond diagnosing AS, there is data that suggests that a murmur detection algorithm could help to identify high risk subgroups not typically considered for auscultation. A recent 35-year follow-up study demonstrated that murmur grade 2 or higher in seemingly healthy middle aged men was associated with a 89.3-fold (CI: 39.2-211.2) age-adjusted risk of undergoing aortic-valve-replacement later in life, and a 1.5-fold (CI: 0.8-2.5) age-adjusted increased risk of CVD death. Thus, even in subgroups not typically considered for cardiac auscultation, screening for murmurs could provide clinically valuable information.