Valvular heart disease (VHD) is a major source of dysfunction, reduced quality of life, early death and increased health-care costs1–3. The prevalence of VHD in the USA is estimated to be 2.2% in the general population, and 13.3% among those 75 or older4. The prevalence of aortic stenosis (AS), the most common form of VHD in developed countries which has a poor prognosis when left untreated, was estimated to 12.4% in those 75 years or older based on data from European countries and North America in 20135. Prevalence of mitral regurgitation (MR) and aortic regurgitation (AR) are also strongly age dependent6,7.  With the projected growth of the elderly population and rapid increase of VHD prevalence with age8, the societal burdens of VHD are expected to increase considerably2.

Although studies have indicated that the stethoscope can be a cost-efficient screening-tool for cardiovascular disease, its potential utility is limited by the increasing time constraints imposed on doctors, the declining skill of health care providers in performing cardiac auscultation9–11, and low interrater agreement12. While the echocardiogram is the gold standard for detecting VHD, it is expensive13 and requires highly trained personnel to analyze its results, and therefore can not replace the stethoscope as a front-line screening tool, especially in low-income regions where its availability is even more limited. Effective treatment of VHD exists14, and evidence suggests that earlier detection might be associated with better outcomes15, which further highlights a need for inexpensive and scalable screening methods. Point-of-care ultrasound has been launched as a potential solution, but it will take many years before most general practitioners (GPs) are fully trained in this, and studies show no improvement in AS detection over auscultation16–18. Adding this procedure to the physical examination will not help with the time constraints on health-care professionals either.

Deep learning models have shown highly promising results in HS-classification over recent years19,20, and successful implementation of such methods offers several advantages over manually performed auscultation. Firstly, it would make the procedure more available, which is especially important in low income regions where access to trained health-care personnel and echocardiogram may be severely limited. Secondly, automated HS-analysis could improve classification accuracy by  reducing subjective variability and bypassing human constraints such as limited range of hearing or time available for practice, and also by the fact that it can be trained to mimic the performance of the most skilled practitioners.

Impressive results on cohorts consisting of patients and healthy controls have been achieved, but the ability of state-of-the-art methods to effectively screen for VHD in a general population has not been demonstrated. Due to the rarity of significant VHD relative to the large amounts of data required to train deep neural networks, preferentially recruiting sick patients for study participation is common practice in studies on automated HS-analysis. It is plausible that this practice results in high prevalence of cases that are more detectable and/or symptomatic, which in turn might bias test metrics21. This is a potential problem, since degree of detectability or presence of symptoms are not always reliable indicators of VHD severity22–24. As such, it is important to assess the impact that the procedure for enrolling study participants has on algorithm performance metrics. Our primary aim is to explore this effect and investigate the potential of machine learning technology as a front-line screening tool for detecting undiagnosed  VHD in a general population. To assess this potential, we develop a murmur detection algorithm using state-of-the-art methods which we then use to screen for left sided VHD. We aim to establish which pathological cases are reliably detected, and how detectability relates to disease severity and presence of symptoms. Furthermore, we investigate how to most efficiently use murmur-grade predictions to predict AS through a multivariate regression analysis where we take predicted murmur-grades as input variables. Finally, we aim to establish if combining clinical variables with auscultation based algorithm predictions can improve VHD screening using multivariate regression analysis.