Deep learning models have shown highly promising results in HS-classification over recent years and successful implementation of such methods offers several advantages over manually performed auscultation. Firstly, it would make the procedure more available, which is especially important in low income regions where access to trained health-care personnel and echocardiogram may be severely limited. Secondly, automated HS-analysis could improve classification accuracy by  reducing subjective variability and bypassing human constraints such as limited range of hearing or time available for practice, and also by the fact that it can be trained to mimic the performance of the most skilled practitioners.

Impressive results on cohorts consisting of patients and healthy controls have been achieved, but the ability of state-of-the-art methods to effectively screen for VHD in a general population has not been demonstrated. Due to the rarity of significant VHD relative to the large amounts of data required to train deep neural networks, preferentially recruiting sick patients for study participation is common practice in studies on automated HS-analysis. It is plausible that this practice results in high prevalence of cases that are more detectable and/or symptomatic, which in turn might bias test metrics21. This is a potential problem, since degree of detectability or presence of symptoms are not always reliable indicators of VHD severity. As such, it is important to assess the impact that the procedure for enrolling study participants has on algorithm performance metrics. Our primary aim is to explore this effect and investigate the potential of machine learning technology as a front-line screening tool for detecting undiagnosed  VHD in a general population. To assess this potential, we develop a murmur detection algorithm using state-of-the-art methods which we then use to screen for left sided VHD. We aim to establish which pathological cases are reliably detected, and how detectability relates to disease severity and presence of symptoms. Furthermore, we investigate how to most efficiently use murmur-grade predictions to predict AS through a multivariate regression analysis where we take predicted murmur-grades as input variables. Finally, we aim to establish if combining clinical variables with heart-sound-based algorithm predictions can improve VHD screening using a multivariate regression analysis.