We hypothesized that more accurate prediction could be achieved by aggregating murmur-grade predictions from all four recordings in a linear multivariate predictive model, rather than predicting AS using audio from a single predetermined position. In the following, these models are referred to as the multi-position model and single-position models respectively. As there were only 45 cases of mild or greater AS in the development set, using AS classification accuracy for model selection would likely result in overfitting. Therefore, we first model AVPGmean using linear regression, and subsequently use the fitted model to predict AS (without re-estimating the parameters). As model candidates, we considered linear regression models that contained up to 2nd degree terms, and also noise indicator terms (which take values 0 and 1) that effectively adjusts the weights of the non-noisy positions when one or more positions have noisy recordings. Model selection was performed by starting with a base model with one term for each murmur-grade prediction, and then terms with low p-values were stepwise added or eliminated (if p>0.05) in order to find the sub model with the lowest bayesian information criterion (BIC) value; a measure of goodness of fit that penalizes high model complexity. After the best model had been estimated by this procedure, we added, in a similar manner, the noise indicator terms.

To test if using all four recordings improved prediction of AVPGmean, we computed the AUC for prediction of AVPGmean>u across a range of thresholds (u=7 mm Hg to u=30 mm Hg) using the multiple-position model and each of the single-position models. For comparison against the i’th single-position model (the model that utilizes audio from position i to make predictions) we excluded observations with noise in the i’th position.