The murmur-detection algorithm's ability to predict clinically relevant VHD is summarized in Table 2, which shows the AUC for predicting each disease for different disease cutoff values. Figure S4 shows ROC curves for algorithm prediction of each VHD. Moderate to severe AR was not reliably detected by the algorithm, regardless of which position was used, with AUC values ranging from 0.576 (mitral position) to 0.634 (using predicted max murmur-grade as predictor). Symptomatic AR however, defined herein as presence of angina or dyspnea while resting or walking on flat ground, was significantly more prevalent in the detected cases than in the missed cases; 16.7% and 1.7% of cases respectively (p=0.02). When the positive class was defined to only include symptomatic AR, sensitivity increased from 54.9% (±8.7%) to 83.3% (±21.1%; 12 cases in total, all of which were severe).

MR was the least detected disease, as moderate to severe MR was predicted with an AUC of only 0.558 (CI:0.506-0.593; mitral recording). No consistent trends with regards to which position was most predictive of MR were observed. As was the case for AR, detectability of MR was highly influenced by the presence of symptoms. Symptomatic MR, defined the same way as it was for AR, was significantly more prevalent in the detected cases than in the missed cases; 12.9% and 4.5% of cases respectively (p=0.02). The algorithm detected 22 out of 27 (81.5% ±15.9%) symptomatic cases of moderate to severe MR, which is a considerable increase in detection rate relative to 55.6% (±6.3%) when asymptomatic cases were included.

Presence of MS was predicted with sensitivity 83.3% (CI:51.6%-98.0%), specificity 85.7% (CI:84.0%-87.2%), and AUC 0.922 (CI:0.858-0.987). None of the MS-recordings had diastolic murmurs, despite the characteristic MS-murmur occurring during diastole. 7 of the total 13 cases (53.9%) of MS also had moderate to severe AS, indicating a considerable disease overlap. Of the 10 detected MS-cases, 4 had no presence of AS, and 3 were not associated with any other VHD (excluding trace and mild levels of AR and MR, which were common in the dataset).

Mild or greater AS was predicted by the multi-position model with AUC 0.979 (CI:0.963-0.995), sensitivity 90.9% (CI:78.3-97.5%) and specificity 94.5% (CI:93.3-95.5%), whereas moderate to severe AS was predicted with AUC 0.993 (CI:0.972-0.996). By comparison, maximum (predicted) murmur-grade predicted mild or greater AS with AUC 0.972, and moderate or greater AS with AUC 0.991. Accuracy was in general higher for more severe AS, as can be seen in Table 2, or in Figure 6 which shows AUC as a function of AVPGmean cutoff threshold. A positive test using the multi-position model increased the risk of mild or greater AS from 2.12% to 19.1% (assuming a general population of individuals aged 40 or higher). For moderate to severe AS, the corresponding values were 1.27% and 17.1%. A negative result was estimated to rule out presence of AS with >99% probability. 

The pulmonic position was the position that produced the most accurate prediction of both at least mild and at least moderate AS (see Table 2 which shows prediction performance associated with each position), with an associated AUC value of 0.982 (±0.010) for detection of mild or greater AS. In contrast, prediction based on the aortic position achieved a lower AUC of 0.967, although the difference was not significant (p=0.16). Screening for mild or greater AS on the holdout set using the multi-position model, all 6 cases were detected, the specificity was 90.6%, and the AUC was 0.988.

Using the multi-position model to predict at least mild AS resulted in 4 missed cases (of 45 cases), of which 3 were mild, and one was moderate (AVPGmean = 27.17 mm Hg). There were 102 false positive predictions, but 20.1% of these observations had AVPGmean>10 mm Hg, which may be of clinical interest despite falling below the set threshold.
