The prevalence of participants who had a murmur-grade≥1 in at least one position was 21.4% according to SAs annotations, and 20.1% according to ADs annotations. Increasing the murmur-grade-threshold to ≥2, the prevalence decreased to 13.1% and 13.8% respectively. Murmurs were most prevalent in the aortic position, with 18.6% (CI:16.9%-20.2%) of recordings being graded as  ≥1 (SA) in the aortic position compared to 11.0% (CI:9.70%-12.4%) in the pulmonic position (Figure S3 provides a more detailed overview of murmur annotation results for both annotators). Using SAs annotations to predict recordings AD had classified as grade≥2, an AUC of 0.933 was obtained. The correlation between each set of murmur annotations was 0.83, Cohen’s kappa for agreement on presence of murmur in any position was 0.717, and the annotators agreed on presence of any murmur in 94.2% of the recordings. For specific positions, the highest Cohen’s kappa was 0.733 observed at the aortic position, and the lowest was 0.666 observed at the mitral position. When defining presence of murmur as (annotated)  ≥2, we found that 45.8% of the murmurs detected were innocent, in the sense that they did not correspond to at least mild stenosis or at least moderate regurgitation. The proportion of innocent murmurs decreased to 26.9% when mild cases of regurgitation were not considered to be innocent cases.

The vast majority of murmurs were systolic, as only 9 participants had any diastolic murmurs observed. There were in total 51 cases of at least mild AS. The annotators observed a murmur in at least one location in 47 (92.2%) of these cases, and 18 (35%) had significant MR (which can also produce a systolic murmur). Of the 47 AS-cases with murmur, 17 (36%) also had MR.  See Table S2 for more summary statistics concerning the relationship between VHD-grade and presence of murmur.