1. If you have experienced hallucinations, delusions, severe paranoia
or disorganized behaviour leading to a crisis, it may be time to think
about seeking help to identify whether or not there is an underlying
mental health condition.
2. These could be the symptoms of a condition called schizophrenia;
however, the symptoms of many mental illnesses overlap, so your first
step towards getting help should be to consult your doctor. He or she
can advise you on whether it is necessary for you to see a
psychiatrist.
3. A diagnosis of schizophrenia should only be made by a qualified
psychiatrist. There is currently no test that can be used to show that
a person has schizophrenia so, to make a diagnosis, the psychiatrist
will need to talk with the person and their family or friends about
the symptoms they are experiencing. The psychiatrist will also need to
observe the personâ€™s behaviour over several weeks to identify any
signs of the condition.
4. Early signs of schizophrenia vary from person to person and can be
very difficult to recognize. Depression, compulsive behaviour,
decreased motivation and asocial behaviour may be mistaken for normal
changes that take place during adolescence or linked to drug abuse. As
the following figure (see description below) shows, however, these
symptoms may be early warning signs of schizophrenia (`show:
scizophrenia_early_signs.png`).

* Description of image referenced above
  1. Changes in mood
    * Inability to cry or laugh
    * Excessive crying or laughing
    * Depression, moodiness
  2. Sensory changes
    * Hearing voices
    * Increased sensitivity to noise or light
  3. Changes in appearance
    * Wearing strange clothes
    * Poor personal hygiene
  4. Changes in activity
    * Extreme activity or inactivity
    * Fatigue
    * Changes in sleep patterns
  5. Problems at school or work
    * Difficulty concentrating
    * Declining academic performance
  6. Changes in behaviour
    * Prolonged staring
    * Using illegal drugs
    * Avoiding social situations

Present at most ONE item per response!