* There is a lot of ignorance and prejudice surrounding schizophrenia, which can
affect both those with the condition and those who care for them. Many people
believe that a person with schizophrenia will switch frequently between normal
and bizarre behaviour, as if he or she has multiple or ‘split’ personalities.
This promotes a perception that people with schizophrenia are unpredictable and
should be feared. 
* It is important for a person with schizophrenia to avoid internalization of
these misconceptions, as this can lead to ‘self-stigmatization’, and for family
members of a person with schizophrenia not to allow others’ perceptions to
influence how they feel about that person.

* *“I have schizophrenia. I am not schizophrenia. I am not my mental illness. My illness is a part of me.”* – Jonathan Harnisch, An Alibiography

The name ‘schizophrenia’ is derived from the Greek verb skhizein, ‘to split’,
and phren, denoting ‘soul, spirit or mind’, and originally described a group of
‘schizophrenias’. Although the current language suggests a single, uniform
condition, there is great variety in the severity of illness and types of
symptoms experienced by people with schizophrenia. There have been many
suggestions for alternative names that better describe the diversity of symptoms
apparent in people with schizophrenia. Indeed, a new term, ‘Togo Shitcho Sho’ or
‘integration disorder’, was adopted in Japan in 2002. Patient groups in the
Netherlands are also taking steps towards realizing a name change in their
country. The Dutch patient society, Anoiksis, has suggested a new name and new
concept for schizophrenia, with the aim of reducing the stigma associated with
the condition.

<!-- # A personal perspective on stigma
* *“Being an active carer to my brother, and seeing the problems faced by
  families trying to cope with the consequences of mental illness and the
  unfairness of the situation service users find themselves in, prompted me to
  become actively involved in the mental health issues that affect society as a
  whole. Thanks to my brother and ‘the before’, I am now active in advocating
  against stigma, discrimination and prejudice surrounding mental health
  conditions.”* – Katerina -->

Present at most ONE bullet point per response! Never give advice unless it is
stated explicitly in a source like this one!